Added doc for SiteAccessStamp (#3340)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/background_tasks.md

Use a process manager of your choice to run the following command, or make it start together with the server:

``` bash
php bin/console messenger:consume ibexa.messenger.transport --bus=ibexa.messenger.bus --siteaccess=<OPTIONAL>
```

Use the `--siteaccess` option to set the default [SiteAccess](multisite_configuration.md#siteaccess-configuration) and [repository](repository_configuration.md#defining-custom-connection) for the worker process.

> The worker uses this SiteAccess for every message that doesn't have a [`SiteAccessStamp`](#siteaccessstamp).

Reviewer: Do we hare reco about what should be the default SiteAccess?
I don't remember why I used `admin` in https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/getting_started/install_with_ddev/#configure-background-tasks-optional

Author: @Steveb-p what do you think, which SiteAccess should the worker use by default - can we recommend something?

I guess it doesn't matter, as long it's one SA per each repository configured and SiteAccess stamps are added correctly

Reviewer 2: @mnocon sorry for the late response.

When siteaccess isn't passed, `ibexa.site_access.default` parameter is used. It's taken from `ibexa.siteaccess.default_siteaccess` configuration setting.

> If a message has a `SiteAccessStamp`, the worker uses the SiteAccess from the stamp instead to processes this message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a message has a `SiteAccessStamp`, the worker uses the SiteAccess from the stamp instead to process this message.
```

Thanks to this, one worker process can handle messages coming from different SiteAccesses.

In [multi-repository setups](repository_configuration.md), run one worker process for each repository.

> With this setup, each worker process can connect to the right database.

Reviewer: Again, which siteaccess to pick-up? A random front or the back office?

This stamp is backported from Symfony 7.
For more information, see [Symfony 7.4 documentation about message deduplication](https://symfony.com/doc/7.4//messenger.html#message-deduplication).

#### SiteAccessStamp

[`Ibexa\Contracts\Messenger\Stamp\SiteAccessStamp`](https://example.com/add-link-when-php-api-reference-is-generated) contains the name of the [SiteAccess](siteaccess.md) that dispatched the message.

You don't need to add this stamp manually, [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger attaches this stamp to each dispatched message automatically.
The stamp contains the SiteAccess that is current at the moment of dispatch.

Before the worker calls the handler, it changes the configuration scope to the SiteAccess from the stamp.
The handler then reads [SiteAccess-aware configuration](multisite_configuration.md#siteaccess-configuration) for the SiteAccess that dispatched the message, and not for the SiteAccess that the worker process started with.

!!! caution "The stamp doesn't change the current SiteAccess"

    The stamp changes the configuration scope only.
    It doesn't change the SiteAccess in the `Ibexa\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessServiceInterface` service.

>     `SiteAccessServiceInterface::getCurrent()` always returns the SiteAccess that the worker process started with, for all messages.

Reviewer 2: Side note: Will be fixed in https://github.com/ibexa/core/pull/798 / 6.0.

We could also make `SiteAccessService` to listen to CONFIG_SCOPE_CHANGE events in 5.x and react accordingly, and backport the stack feature from 6.0. In theory this is a bug (`SiteAccessService::getCurrent()` returning wrong site access), so we would not exactly break BC promise - but initially I thought we shouldn't.

@konradoboza @alongosz @ibexa/php-dev ?

Author: So, if I understand correctly, this note can be removed in 5.0 and 6.0 when https://github.com/ibexa/core/pull/805 is merged? Depending on whether it gets merged before or after the release, in this PR or in a follow-up.

Reviewer 2: Went with the `CONFIG_SCOPE_CHANGE`/`CONFIG_SCOPE_RESTORE` listener approach for the older branches, as discussed above: ibexa/core#805 (5.0) and ibexa/core#806 (4.6). Full stack rework stays 6.0-only in ibexa/core#798.

Author: Ok, I'm going to assume it won't be included in the release happening in 2 days, so will rework for the next release

This stamp is backported from Symfony 7.
For more information, see [Symfony 7.4 documentation about message deduplication](https://symfony.com/doc/7.4//messenger.html#message-deduplication).

#### SiteAccessStamp

> [`Ibexa\Contracts\Messenger\Stamp\SiteAccessStamp`](https://example.com/add-link-when-php-api-reference-is-generated) contains the name of the [SiteAccess](siteaccess.md) that dispatched the message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[`Ibexa\Contracts\Messenger\Stamp\SiteAccessStamp`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Messenger-Stamp-SiteAccessStamp.html) contains the name of the [SiteAccess](siteaccess.md) that dispatched the message.
```

            - name: messenger.message_handler
              bus: ibexa.messenger.bus
```

### Route message to background queue

> To have a message processed in the background, it must be sent to a transport queue.

Reviewer: I'm in Background tasks page. The previous section made me write a SomeHandler. And now, I learn it wasn't in the background yet? Maybe "Register custom message and handler" introduction sentence should suggest that it won't be enough.
"To handle additional use cases with background tasks, first, create custom message and handler class"…

"Route message to background queue" could event start with "Then" to mark the continuation:
"Then, to have a message processed in the background, it must be sent to a transport queue."

[[= product_name_base =]] Messenger uses message providers instead of [Symfony `framework.messenger.routing` configuration]([[= symfony_doc =]]/messenger.html#routing-messages-to-a-transport).

A message provider is a service that implements the [`MessageProviderInterface`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Messenger-Transport-MessageProviderInterface.html) interface, and the `getHandledClasses()` method must return the list of message classes that [[= product_name_base =]] Messenger must send to the queue to process in the background.

The `getHandledClasses()` method can also return a parent class or an interface.
In this case, all messages that extend this class, or implement this interface, go to the background queue.

If no message provider returns the class of your message, the bus calls the handler immediately, in the same process that dispatches the message.

> To send `SomeMessage` to the background queue, create the following provider:

Reviewer: At some point, we must show the SomeMessage creation and dispatch.

There are two links to https://symfony.com/doc/5.x/messenger.html anchors. In this page, looking around, you can find https://symfony.com/doc/5.x/messenger.html#dispatching-the-message This could be at the end of "Register custom message and handler": "And now, you can emit new SomeMessage for example the following way and they will be handled by your handler:" followed by a dispatch example, maybe something about which bus service to inject.

Reviewer: It was already there in https://doc.ibexa.co/en/5.0/infrastructure_and_maintenance/background_tasks/#dispatch-message but kind of disconnected. Great move in fe4b1b36139c8950d5e7b750542867e6e0136787
